TWITTER BOT DOCUMENTATION

INTRODUCTION:
The Twitter Bot is a Python script designed to automate the posting of tweets and retweeting on the Twitter platform. It provides two modes of operation: "Automated Tweeting" and "GUI Tweeting". The "Automated Tweeting" mode scrapes content from The Hacker News website and automatically posts it on Twitter. The "GUI Tweeting" mode offers a graphical user interface for manual tweeting and retweeting.

SETUP:
1. INSTALLATION
To use the Twitter Bot, you need to install the following dependencies:

requests: A Python library for making HTTP requests.
beautifulsoup4: A Python library for web scraping.
tweepy: A Python library for accessing the Twitter API.
tkinter: A Python library for creating graphical user interfaces (GUIs).
You can install these dependencies using pip, the package installer for Python. Open your terminal or command prompt and run the following commands:

shell
Copy code
pip install requests
pip install beautifulsoup4
pip install tweepy

2. TWITTER API CONFIGURATION
The Twitter Bot requires valid API keys and access tokens to interact with the Twitter API. Follow these steps to set up your Twitter API credentials:

a. Create a Twitter Developer account and create a new Twitter App.
b. Obtain the following credentials from the Twitter Developer Portal:
    1. Consumer Key (API Key)
    2. Consumer Secret (API Secret Key)
    3. Access Token
    4. Access Token Secret
    5. Bearer Token
c. Open the Credential.py file included in the script and replace the placeholder values with your actual  Twitter API credentials.


USAGE:
1. Automated Tweeting
The "Automated Tweeting" mode scrapes content from The Hacker News website and automatically posts it on Twitter.

To run the script in this mode, execute the following command:

shell
Copy code
python Script.py
You will be prompted to choose between "AUTOMATED TWEETING" and "GUI TWEETING". Enter "AUTOMATED TWEETING" (not case-sensitive) and press Enter.

The script will start scraping content from The Hacker News website and posting it on Twitter. The posts will continue until the specified end time.


2. GUI Tweeting
The "GUI Tweeting" mode provides a graphical user interface for manual tweeting and retweeting.

To run the script in this mode, execute the following command:

shell
Copy code
python Script.py
You will be prompted to choose between "AUTOMATED TWEETING" and "GUI TWEETING". Enter "GUI TWEETING" (not case-sensitive) and press Enter.

A window will open with the GUI interface. You can use the GUI to perform the following actions:

TWEET: Enter the desired text in the provided input field and click the "Tweet" button to post it on Twitter.
RETWEET: Enter a tweet ID in the provided input field and click the "Retweet" button to retweet that specific tweet.


TROUBLESHOOTING:
If you encounter any issues while running the Twitter Bot, consider the following:
1. Ensure that you have a stable internet connection to interact with the Twitter API and scrape content from The Hacker News website.
2. Verify that you have correctly set up your Twitter API credentials in the Twitter_API_Config.py file.
3. Check for any error messages or exceptions displayed in the terminal or command prompt while running the script.

If the problem persists, please refer to the official documentation of the libraries used in the script or seek help from the respective communities.
