TWITTER BOT

This is a Twitter bot script that allows you to automate tweet posting and retweeting. It provides two modes of operation: "Automated Tweeting" and "GUI Tweeting". The "Automated Tweeting" mode scrapes content from The Hacker News website and automatically posts it on Twitter. The "GUI Tweeting" mode provides a graphical user interface for manually tweeting and retweeting.


FEATURES:
Automated scraping of blog post content from The Hacker News website.
Automatic posting of blog posts on Twitter.
Manual tweeting of user-defined messages using the GUI.
Manual retweeting of tweets using the GUI.


DEPENDENCIES:
To run this script, you need to install the following dependencies:
requests: pip install requests
beautifulsoup4: pip install beautifulsoup4
tweepy: pip install tweepy
tkinter: This is a built-in library for Python's standard installation.


CONFIGURATION:
Before running the script, make sure to set up your Twitter API configuration. The script requires valid API keys and access tokens to interact with the Twitter API. Please refer to the Credential.py file and update it with your own Twitter API credentials.


USAGE:
To run the script, execute the Script.py file in your Python environment. You will be prompted to choose between "Automated Tweeting" and "GUI Tweeting". Enter your choice as "AUTOMATED TWEETING" or "GUI TWEETING" (not case-sensitive) and press Enter.

For "Automated Tweeting" mode, the script will scrape the content from The Hacker News website and automatically post it on Twitter. The posts will continue until the end time specified in the script.

For "GUI Tweeting" mode, a graphical user interface window will open. You can enter the desired text in the "Tweet" section and click the "Tweet" button to post it on Twitter. Similarly, you can enter a tweet ID in the "Retweet" section and click the "Retweet" button to retweet that specific tweet.


NOTES:
Make sure you have a stable internet connection to interact with the Twitter API and scrape content from The Hacker News website.
It's recommended to run the script in a virtual environment to manage the dependencies and avoid conflicts with other Python packages.
